Even if you are the village chief
You can't humiliate my daughter either.
Hey, are we humiliating you?
It's because you don't know yourself, okay?
How long has it been since I changed my clothes?
I could smell it three miles away.
Is it smoked to death?
Besides, the village chief is in the ancestral hall
It was to celebrate my son's death
Did well at the Olympic trials
You make a party
aunt
I broke the world record at the Olympic trials
Why don't you let me enter the ancestral hall?
Lin Wenwen, I still thought you were
They just eat more than pigs.
Now, I think I need to add another one.
Your skin is thicker than the city wall
That's an Olympic record.
I wasn't a Piston when I rolled the tournament
Take a look.
Mom and Dad, look
Yo Yo Hahaha Hey report Lin Jianguo
You're a loser yourself
And raised a liar full of lies
Oh, your face!
I was just a little hypoglycemic and couldn't work it out
And then Coach Tang gave me some glucose.
Later, after I recovered
I broke the world record
You were all gone
You didn't see it.
Bing Wenwen, are you lying here?
You can break a world record if you want to
Especially when we're not around
You can't even get in
As soon as we leave
You broke the record
Yeah, that's it.
Coach Tang can testify to me
Isn't there a machine that can check results?
Go in and check it out, and you can see it at a glance.
Yes Yes Yes Yes Coach Tang Coach Tang
It's so affectionate
Hey
You're not having an affair with that old man, are you?
Ah!
You weren't even qualified to serve
What is that guy surnamed Tang doing?
Risking my reputation to protect you
I was wondering if you were crazy
Now I understand
He's not crazy.
He has an appetite.
He can even eat a guy like you
You just climbed into that old man's bed
Hahaha